"PHISH WWW Site"_pws :c
:link(pws,../phish.html)

:line

Latest Features and Bug Fixes in the PHISH library :h3

This page is a continuous listing of new features and bug fixes for
the PHISH library.

You can download the current tarball from the "download
page"_../download.html which includes all the features/fixes listed
below, and re-build PHISH from scratch.

:line

What version of the PHISH library do you have? :h4,link(version)

A PHISH "version" is the date when it was released, such as 1 Nov
2012.  PHISH is updated continuously.  Every time we fix a bug or add
a feature, we release it immediately, as listed below.  Each dated
copy of PHISH contains all the features and bug-fixes up to and
including that version date.  Each time you use the
"bait.py"_doc/Section_bait.html tool, the version date is printed to
the screen.  It is also in the file bait/version.py and in the PHISH
directory name created when you unpack a tarball.

If you browse the HTML or PDF doc pages on the PHISH WWW site, they
always describe the most current version of PHISH. :ulb,l

If you browse the HTML or PDF doc pages included in your tarball, they
describe the version you have. :ule,l

:line
:line

[17 Feb 2015]

Added some MPI programs to the mpionly directory which implement the
benchmarks used in the PHISH paper listed as a citation on the "papers
webpage"_http://www.sandia.gov/~sjplimp/phish/papers.html.

Also added some include file headres and make fixes for building PHISH
programs on different platforms.

This is the "list of changed files"_patches/files.17Feb15 from the 16
Jan 2015 version.

Thanks to Dave Love for the build tips.

:line

[16 Jan 2015]

Added some minnows and example scripts used in the PHISH paper listed
as a citation on the "papers
webpage"_http://www.sandia.gov/~sjplimp/phish/papers.html.

This is the "list of changed files"_patches/files.16Jan15 from the 15
Jan 2015 version.

[15 Jan 2015]

A few more minor changes.

This is the "list of changed files"_patches/files.15Jan15 from the 14
Jan 2013 version.

:line

[14 Jan 2013]

A few minor changes in flagging errors and the safe send options.

This is the "list of changed files"_patches/files.14Jan13 from the 18
Sep 2012 version.

:line

[18 Sept 2012]

Corrected an error in the CMake build.

This is the "list of changed files"_patches/files.18Sep12 from the 15
Sep 2012 version.

:line

[15 Sept 2012]

Added some CMake files and documentation so that CMake can be
optionally used as well as regular Makefiles.

This is the "list of changed files"_patches/files.15Sep12 from the 14
Sep 2012 version.

:line

[14 Sept 2012]

Used wrong version of LICENSE file in original release.

This is the "list of changed files"_patches/files.14Sep12 from the 13
Sep 2012 version.

:line

[13 Sept 2012]

Initial public release of PHISH.  This version supercedes earlier
distributed beta versions.
